it's time from the personal liberty
digest studios inside our rapture proof
bunker I'm Ben crystal and this is the
great eight for the week of May 28
Showtime at the Apollo kitties here's
this week's great eight in a 5-4
decision endorsed by Democrats including
the ACLU the Supreme Court has ordered
the release of more than twenty-five
percent of California's current prison
population when asked why liberals are
more concerned about the comfort of
dangerous criminals than the safety of
innocent civilians Democrats responded
if they want us to care they should get
better lawyers but not this guy he's
going to be busy for like the next three
to five Ravens linebacker Ray Lewis is
warning America not to allow an NFL
lockout if they know what's good for
them according to Lewis quote watch how
much crime picks up if you take away our
game unquote in response the NFL
announced a plan to extend the season 2
52 weeks we're saving lives meanwhile
Rae Carruth announced a plan to appeal
his murder conviction on the grounds
that he wasn't getting enough playing
time in his recent commencement address
at Hamilton College Al Gore told the new
grads that so-called global warming is
quote the most serious challenge our
civilization has ever faced according to
Gore who nearly flunked science class
while in college they should also be on
the lookout for the other greatest
threat to civilization manbearpig of
super duper cereal Michael Moore has a
message for the auto industry the obese
war profiteer thinks that President
Obama's should use the government
takeover of GM and Chrysler to Liberal
advantage more also said that Obama's
gift of the automakers to the union's
quote save the jobs of all my friends
back in Michigan unquote granted when
multi-millionaire Moore says friends he
means the long guy
MSNBC fatboy edge schulz finally crossed
the line Schultz has been suspended for
calling Laura Ingraham a quote
unquote Schultz later said he didn't
mean it as an insult he was just you
know hoping she's out of your league and
you should set your sights a little
lower the obamas attendance at a dinner
at Buckingham Palace hit a bump when the
president offered a toast to Queen
Elizabeth and then continued talking
despite the playing of the united
kingdom's national anthem hey at least
he didn't give him DVDs which don't work
over there again prior to his
gastronomic gaffe in London Obama
partied down with his long-lost Irish
cousins in the village of mana gall when
asked whether he'd returned to the u.s.
in the wake of the massive destruction
from storms and tornadoes Obama replied
dude you're killing my buzz give it to
sunday I'm gonna be super hungover and
in the wake of his shocking sell out of
Israel Obama told an audience in Ireland
quote America will stand by you always
as long as you're not Jewish and that's
your great eight for the week kids for
the personal liberty digest I'm Ben
crystal saying and drive it like you
stole it